---
author: David Hogue
comments: true
date: 2005-10-31 08:30:46+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: history
title: History
wordpress_id: 293
tags:
- old-blog
---

So a lot has happened lately and I need to write. This might not be at all interesting and I might not even publicly post this. I have been slacking on writing in this thing so maybe this is a buildup because of that. (I do need to fix this site up a bit)

Where to start… Last weekend I moved back in with my parents. (hm, not a good way to start this…) Let’s back up a bit. Over the last year a lot has changed in my life. It was about a year and a half ago that I started my current job. At my job I get to do all kinds of things with computers and programming and I get paid for it. I love my job even though the new job ’smell’ has worn off now. Also over this same period of time I was renting a house with a few other guys. We would play video games, drink together, stuff like that. During the summer we had friends over to play games (Halo 2 mostly). We would get drunk and have a grand old time. We had a lot of fun.

Last week I had to say goodbye to that house. I loved that house. I made some good friends there and had some of the best times of my life. I’m really afraid that now I won’t get to hang out with some of those friends anymore. Sure, I’ll probably see some of them again, but I just don’t know if it will be the same anymore. (I’m a nerd. Making friends is difficult for me.)

Now, back to work: Things are changing there too. We just nice new desks last week. I’m feeling a little stressed. There is a lot going on. People have very high expectations of me since I set the bar so high on other projects. I just hate it when I can’t get a rock solid product done in the allotted time. I really don’t want to put bad code out there, so I spend more time on it. I also get distracted easily and I have trouble on projects that should be simple. It seems like the big complicated (yet isolated) projects are much easier than the small extensions to an existing system.

So, there is some back story. Next I’ll actually post what’s on my mind. Wow, I’m not really sure if I want to post this for the whole world to see. Well, here goes nothing.
